Simple Web Stack
When user wants to access to the website domain (www.foobar.com)
Request is sent to the router
Router forward the request to DNS
www which is a subdomain pointing to the domain name foobar.com which resolve server Ip 8.8.8.8
DNS retrieves IP address and sends to server, server with the IP 8.8.8.8 replies with the information. The response is taken back to router and back to the client
Web server(Ngix)
To handle HTTP requests form the user browser and serve the user with the desired web page.
Application Server
It handles dynamic content and application logic.
It interprets the user requests received from the web server, processes them and generates the desired data.
It communicates with the database to retrieve or update data.
Application File
These are codebase and files for the website application.
Are basically hosted on server and executed by application server.
Database(MySql)
This is where data is stored.
This is chosen as a database management system. 
Application server communicate with the database to read or write data
Communication
The server uses HTTP to communicate with users requesting the website.
When users access www.foobar.com their browser sends HTTP requests to the server.
The server processes the request and returns an HTTP response with web page data.

Issues with this Infrastructure 
Single Point of Failure(SPOF)
Since the entire web is running on a single server, any hardware or software failure on that server could lead to downtime for the entire website.
Downtime when maintenance needed
When deploying a new code or restarting the web server, the website might experience downtime, leading to temporary unavailability.
Limited Scalability
It may struggle to handle high levels of incoming traffic since all components are running on a single server.
This increase may slow down the website performance.

RECOMMENDATION:
Implementing load balancing, redundancy, and horizontal scaling by distributing the workload across multiple servers.
Also utilizing cloudbase services provide flexibility and scalability 
